We rescued 605 people from the bomb.
On the 24th,
we landed in Lamu Bay in the eastern part of Manjira.
Our Northern Air Force, which landed in Lamu Bay,
destroyed the enemy's base.
On the 31st, the enemy's base in Lamu Bay,
the northern part of Lamu Bay,
was destroyed.
This is about 80 km south of Manjira.
We broke through this.
We continued to attack Manjira.
On the 2nd of January,
the Northern Air Force entered Manjira City.
With three days earlygive Potter Manjira.
A mass discussion over attacking the historical occurs,
about 3300 people,
mass PSO4 burglars,
ref method's agents, and bombī device.
We still retreat to Knightland and theailfronts of
We will continue to do so.
Our army is already attacking this enemy.
On the 10th, we will occupy Orongabo,
a northern part of the Batan Peninsula.
On the 18th of January,
our communication company,
accelerate the attack
기
very
well
on the
south-豪
to Japan,
Copy it up.
The first division will be formed on the 25th of December.
hearts of the revolution friendly